Our data analysis reveals that in terms of win percentage, ROB is my best main, with a win percentage of approximate 76%. (The order goes ROB, Bowser, Chrom, Roy, 
according to win percentage data). This is reflected in the Gaussian distributions of the expected stocks taken for each of the characters: from the Gaussian, the 
win probability can be thought of as the area under the curve past x = 3 (since we need to take 3 stocks to win). 

In addition, for all the characters, the percent to kills efficiencies are the lowest for games that we win (and highest for games that we lose). This is to be 
expected--after all, if we can take more kills with fewer hits, it becomes more likely that we will win the game. Furthermore, the expected number of stocks taken 
decreases almost linearly with increasing efficiency. This means that when our attacks become more inefficient (i.e. we have to deal more percent damage for each kill)
it becomes harder for us to take our opponents' stocks. This strong negative correlation is present in the data for all the characters.

It is interesting to note that there is no correlation between the percent we deal to our opponent and the percent damage dealt to us. This means that either metric 
is a very poor predictor of the other. Intuitively, this makes sense--when our opponent deals us a lot of damage, we could be either losing very badly (in which case 
we don't deal a lot of percent damage), or we could be in a very close game (in which case we also deal a lot of percent damage). Conversely, when our opponent deals 
us very little damage, we could either be winning comfortably (dealing a lot of damage), or we could also be doing poorly (doing little damage). This uncorrelated 
trend is present for all the characters, as evidenced by flat lines of best fit. 

In addition, for all the characters, the probability of winning a game increases (almost linearly) with percent damage done. This makes sense--as we deal more damage 
to our opponent, it becomes less likely that they're able to retain their stocks. 

Future work includes developing a more refined model of predicting in-game win probabilities, likely based on a combination of the current stock difference, time 
remaining, and percent difference, along with adjustment factors like how heavy and how quick the respective characters are. Furthermore, more research can be done 
to ascertain the effect of self-destructs and quick kills (e.g. "spikes") on the data. 